Please.
-Sang-beom!
-I'll ask you one last time.
Answer on the count of three.
Please.
Or he dies.
-One.
-Bun-ok, please!
You fool. Will you come clean
after someone dies because of you?
Bun-ok… Please, Bun-ok.
Bun-ok…
Two.
No. Please!
Please…
It's in the restroom!
Where the cleaning supplies are.
I saw it.
I saw it clearly with my own eyes.
He was hiding the bag
in the restroom, and I saw it.
You b****.
I'll rip your mouth--
You saw him threatening and telling me
not to tell anyone, right?
Comrade Joo!
Set the booby traps first. Hurry up.
Eung-cheol's hurt.
I laid him down in room 212.
I told you…
I clearly told you
I didn't want to hurt anyone.
Now you will
never be released.
Dead or alive,
we're in the same boat now.
No casualties have yet to be confirmed.
People are deeply concerned
that the late initial response might
lead to injured hostages, if any,
-missing the golden hour…
-My goodness.
What if the hostages all died?
Bombs exploded. I don't think
only 13 people died.
But exactly 13 girls might have died
just like the fortuneteller said.
Come on, ma'am.
When did the fortuneteller say
13 girls would die?
He said 13 should die.
You think I don't know that?
I'm so worried
because I have a feeling
that exactly 13 girls died.
Exactly 13.
Darn it.
Chief An just came out.
Let's hear from him!
We can't rule out additional explosions.
So we're approaching very carefully…
Is that your husband?
Your husband must be a natural on TV.
I mean, he had so little presence,
he was practically invisible.
But when he's in front of the cameras,
he becomes a different person.
My husband
mentioned that too.
Mr. An's really popular these days.
Even his fashion style is popular now.
Thanks to that, Ms. Choi has been
getting a lot of interview requests.
I'm not surprised.
Charlotte styles him after all.
I heard the sunglasses he wears sell well
even though it's winter. Right?
Those sunglasses?
The hostages' lives are put…
They're popular?
Try them on.
Rescuing the hostages safely is
our top priority.
The President has already
instructed us to do everything
in our power
to rescue all of them safely…
I'm sure I've seen that bastard somewhere.